Approval Workflow Description (#152)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/approval-workflow.md

---
id: approval-workflow
title: Orders Approval Workflow
sidebar_label: Approval Workflow
---
In some specific use-cases, for example for products/services not supporting
self-provisioning (e.g. "server management") an **order approval workflow**
could be required.

Each product/service can be specially configured to enable the *approval
workflow*: in this case, each order (new purchases, change requests) needs to be

> approved by a *responsible person* (**Auditor**) before it becomes effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
approved by a privileged user (**Auditor**) before it becomes effective.
```

Reviewer: non significa quello che credi es: https://askinglot.com/how-would-you-describe-a-responsible-person

The specific functioning slightly changes depending on the presence of the
[Channel-Management](channel.md) (*parent-child*) module:

- in the *Channel Management* scenario:
  - the Customer places orders on a **Reseller Marketplace**
  - the Auditor is the **Reseller**
- in the *normal* scenario:
  - the Customer places orders on a **Parent Marketplace**
  - the Auditor is the **Vendor**

## Functioning Details

Once a new order is placed by the Customer on a (reseller/parent) marketplace:

- the order is marked as "to be approved" (by a *Auditor*)
- the Customer:

>   - receives a notification informing that "the order will be shortly reviewed
>     by a responsible person"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - receives a notification informing that "the order will be shortly reviewed
    by a manager"
```
